if we can't get the Barden Bellas an
unlikely group of not men who somehow
managed to win at something that didn't
have to do with baking I can hear you
they've graduated college have spread
their wings that are attempting to fly
defy a blues delight with a shout of
white privilege
hopefully not becoming the failures we
all expect them to be it'll really good
about where I'm at right now I'm trying
to get into vet school fingers crossed
where are they now my name is fat Amy
Winehouse so let's get cracking I quit
my job
you got fun no I quit it's fine
reaction I would do anything to sing
with you guys again anything you guys
every year the USO puts on this
performance to support the troops in
Europe what if I could get us an invite
yeah I've suddenly got a bunch of free
time so
guys we've never competed against bands
that actually have instruments so what's
the plan
coming up on the net you guys just sing
other people's songs like karaoke Harry
oh that's so cute calamity
this is serenity grassy and charity if I
joined yogurt I could be a beast
another day on stage for the Bellas this
is their big plummet their fade out into
nothingness you sure about this have I
ever let you down all the time wow
you're very unreliable it's like one of
the hallmarks of your personality and
you're not remembering all the times
I've been awesome
let's haka finish this
[Music]
try to have some dignity
yeah well we don't do anything with
dignity okay they really do need to join
the workforce yes